Neal Sáles-Griffin: Do you want me to drive the deck, or how do you feel about.
Chloe Lannert: I can pull it up. So before we get into the QA. Stuff, there are a few things we do want to hit first.st 1st off, Neil. I know you wanted to talk a little bit about leadership and how we're approaching it. So.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes.
Chloe Lannert: We had Jake come in again and and talk through how we how he approaches his business as a product, but it feels like there's a good. There's a solid gap between where he is now and where you guys are, and we have some resources we want to share to to help bridge that gap a little bit, and how to start thinking about implementation in the shorter term some sort of little stepping stones.
Chloe Lannert: So 1st off, I'm gonna I'm gonna post this later. We've got our
Chloe Lannert: this little Harvard business school situation leadership that gets results. It's a quick little 16 page read and its foundation is in.
Chloe Lannert: It's got some details on like emotional intelligence how to communicate with people. But the foundation here is the 6 styles of leadership.
Chloe Lannert: Which you can see right here is this
Chloe Lannert: big enough, or we need to zoom right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I can. I can. I have a visual that might be helpful here. And then you can post this as a reference. I'll take. I'll take over. Yeah, here we go. I just think this is helpful, like I just noticed from conversations I've been having with some of you. It's worth kind of just very briefly sharing this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Each of you
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like probably are reading the top lines of these right? Look at these leadership styles. This is deeply research. You know. I've known about this for a long time. Lots of complex organizations. Some of you may already be familiar with this research from Daniel Goldman.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But the leadership styles are, hey, Trina, can you go on mute?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, so the leadership styles are coercive, authoritative, affiliative, democratic pace setting and coaching.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Now, naturally, when you see these, it's kind of like almost like a horoscope
Neal Sáles-Griffin: seeing your lot. Your mind you're like, Oh, I'm I'm this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But to be honest, you're all of these, all of you are all of these.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and the real thing is, gonna be which one do. I need to be right now in this moment.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So in any given point in your company, or you're in a meeting, or you're having a strategy session, or you're interacting with one of us. You're in your investor calls. Whatever it is, you have to decide like alright.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Which of these leadership styles am I going to activate in this moment. And for what reason?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I just wanted you all to know that these exist, that if you didn't already understand, like these different, you know attributes of yourself that now's the time to dig in.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If you ever need support or coaching on how to activate a version of this leadership style for a particular situation or circumstance. This is one of the things that I have a skill set in, and can support a lot of founders to kind of grow and nurture
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and there's 2 out of the 6 that you see here that are
Neal Sáles-Griffin: potentially effective in the short term.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But could be downsides if extended usage is applied.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Can anyone tell me what you think? The 2 out of these 6 are the ones that are
Neal Sáles-Griffin: potentially valuable? And then in the short term, but have immense downsizing trade offs if you activate them for too long.
Alex's iPhone: Coercive, the coercive, one.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's 1 of them.
Anthony De Silva: A setting.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Case settings actually cool. It's authoritative.
Anthony De Silva: Authority.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so but yeah, pace setting actually, is an interesting call out because pace setting could actually demonstrate the same thing if it becomes problematic. So yeah, you're you're actually right. So between pace setting coercive. And I would argue authoritative. Those are the styles that can sometimes come off
Neal Sáles-Griffin: overly aggressive or even negative, depending on how you apply them, and to whom.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: just keep this in mind. Guys talk to me about it. But like, it's some of the soft skills stuff here. But I think this is
Neal Sáles-Griffin: this is becoming more and more important, as I observe, kind of where everyone's at in the class and the program, and with your teams
Neal Sáles-Griffin: any questions on this before I let it go.
Chloe Lannert: Quick double tap. I know a lot of you have hiring on the radar.
Chloe Lannert: This is another reason why we're
Chloe Lannert: we're pushing this now, or you've already brought on new team members
Chloe Lannert: just thinking a little bit more critically about this will save a lot of pain.
Meg Hall: So, Neil, how do you use that when you're thinking about leading your team? How does that come into play?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, so it. It's all circumstantial, Nick. So I think at a high level. I learned
Neal Sáles-Griffin: who I was, and there's like versions of me that I think I am right. I think I'm a leader, and this is how I talk. This is how I communicate. This is my style and people. You all probably have thoughts on my approach and conversation already, and how I've interacted with each of you. But just know that each of both styles. I hire to do a job for me, depending on what leadership situation I'm in.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So sometimes, like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know, if I'm talking to Chloe about things that I want her to be better about or work on together on the tech stars team. I tend to veer towards affiliative
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right? So like she and I are kind of working together on a lot of stuff. We're talking through things together as a unit.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There are other Mds that have different styles in their programs. And there's a huge gap in their connection to their program team or their program manager, and their job is exclusively to run the operations. And Mds job is exclusively to help the companies. Those job isn't to talk to you all about your business problems. Our job is to, you know, focus on running the ships on time, and then my job is to answer every single business question you have find the right people to answer it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's a different choice. It's not negative, or, you know, positive. It's just a matter of style.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So yeah, I guess in another example, Meg.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: from my previous company. I did have some
Neal Sáles-Griffin: course of tendencies in the past, like when I was in my early twenties, and I had my 1st startup that I told you about after school
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I was.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I was not the kind of person that I am proud that I am. Now. You know what I mean. Like. Back. Then I was very aggressive and like, if people didn't do their job, I would get pissed off. And I would basically say, like, Let me do it better than I'll do the job for you like you don't need to be here like that kind of stuff that doesn't work in the long term at all, and that's an easy way to run people out the link and not be on your team and not being
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so, and you also have to make trade-offs and concessions, sometimes of work that if done, 100 would be really great. But if done 80%, it's probably good enough. And you need to be okay, giving that work to someone else to do, even if you know you're the best person in the world to do it. You got to be willing to trust somebody to do almost as good of a job as you to do
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so. There's a there's a demo, you know, democratic like kind of style there, too, in a coaching style. So, anyway, just choose which areas that you need to grow in and invest in. But just know that it's not. I am this, and that's all I am. If you're a CEO, or founder or co-founder, you are eclectic. You are multifaceted, and you have to activate different roles at different times.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it's thank you for asking like that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool. Okay, I think they got the message. The last thing and by the way, Meg, our conversation earlier inspired
Neal Sáles-Griffin: me even talking about this. Yeah. Well, the last thing I wanted to share about it was actually the recommendation I made to you earlier today. So now, around this time and program is when I recommend another book to people who think they need it. And that book is called the Great CEO. With him.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Has anyone read it by any chance? Has anyone heard of it?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The great CEO of them? No.
Alex's iPhone: I have started reading it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay. Yeah. Cause. Alex.
Alex's iPhone: Upon your recommendation. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Alex's iPhone: Let me open!
Chloe Lannert: I'll drop the.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So.
Chloe Lannert: Doc Link in docs and files. It's pretty foundational to a a lot of folks got really interested in like the org charts and documentation. Alex. I know you mentioned how
Chloe Lannert: Jake organizes his business and his team. A lot of that is inspired by and adapted from the great CEO within.
Chloe Lannert: So it's a long read, very tactical and.
Alex's iPhone: But also like sorry, sorry.
Chloe Lannert: No no go.
Alex's iPhone: No, there are lots of great resources that he mentioned that I've already touched upon, but that, you know, reinforces like what some of the things that I've been doing like. They're getting things done framework
Alex's iPhone: or stuff like that. It's it's very tactical. But I mean the I've read the 1st 5 50 pages, and it's already like very, very
Alex's iPhone: like concrete, I would say, which is very awesome.
Chloe Lannert: See.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I will give a couple of caveats to the book in the very 1st few pages.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The author who's the Kellogg guy
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in the family. But he says, don't read this book. If you haven't already reached 1 million in revenue, or have 10 employees.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so to be clear.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that's a fair point, because some of the things that are suggested in the book are more relevant. If you're at a later stage of progress and traction and like size.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: However, I still recommend that all of you, as my tech star strangers view it because it's showing you what you're about to become. It's demonstrating hopefully what you're about to face coming out of my program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So because of that I highly recommend you, take it seriously, and you start to put the foundations of some of the systems that are recommended into your business problems, how you run your meetings, how you hold people accountable, how you communicate, how you think of yourself as the leader of the business, and take responsibility and ownership of it, and the decisions that get made.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All of those things are super important right now for many of you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And you might be able to like hopefully. It's a conversation starter between me and each of you, with how you think about how you want to run your business?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All right, I said. My piece.
Chloe Lannert: Next thing down the line. Bob's coming tomorrow very.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You guys ready to meet Bob's?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, okay, I'm gonna talk about what it means to be ready to meet Doc.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because I think some of you are absolutely ready to meet him, and I think some of you
Neal Sáles-Griffin: may or may not be relevant, depending on what you do in the next 24 h.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I'm gonna talk through my expectations for the yeah, there we go. Oh's got it!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So what I'm gonna have those of you who we deem ready to do? Not. Everyone's probably ready to do this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But if you are ready, you're gonna be able to speak to Bob. If you're not ready. You're gonna observe and be a part of the conversation. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you're
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you're not in a position to talk to them about the work yet, because we haven't finished the work.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: if you have actually completed your jobs to be done interviews, I want you to share your one line of your business, and what traction you have with your business.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Then I want you to share what you wanted to learn from doing jobs, what screening criteria you used, and how many interviews you completed with that specific screening criteria.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Now, I'm gonna repeat that. How many interviews you completed with that specific screen criteria. And the reason, I'm saying, because I know a lot of you have talked to people that you think might be helpful to learn
Neal Sáles-Griffin: if they don't fit your screening criteria. You're not doing the jobs process. And I want to stay in alignment with everything that we've talked about, everything that he's written in his book and everything that we've learned so far.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The feedback I get from Bob
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is like some people just are not work or not ready
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for his help, because we're talking past each other because you don't have the information
Neal Sáles-Griffin: required, then to actually weigh in and engaging meaningfully in the conversation about your business and the jobs to be done.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and it's okay if you're not there yet. I know some of you have other things going on, and other priorities that you focused on, but if you don't have these things, I'm not gonna call you up there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we're going to need you to see this from you
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and to make sure you have it, and then I will call you up
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to talk to Bob about your company.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And then, lastly, whatever 3 to 5 jobs you came out with either during why, before the why or since
Neal Sáles-Griffin: since I was like 3 weeks ago or so.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So any questions about this, and being ready for Bob.
Meg Hall: What format do you want? Do you want for us to reply to this message board with that that content? Or do you want? Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Meg Hall: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We'll have a thread.
Chloe Lannert: Any questions on a high level.
Chloe Lannert: Everyone's ready.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And and this should go without saying. But make sure you've read his book.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I know all of you have read the book.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but if you haven't read the books.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: please don't embarrass me by talking about or asking a question about something that he's gonna go. Well, that's in the book
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you can expand on things that he talks about. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: let's not do that. He basically like, just so, you know, like Bob actually told me to disinvite people who had read it. He's like, if they haven't read the book, they shouldn't even come.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's the level of conversation he and I are at with respect to who gets invited to these time like conversations with him, because he literally declines these types of sessions for any and all other accelerator programs or text programs. He's doing this as a favorite.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: He's got much more important and better things to do with the sign for the most part.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I want us all to show up properly, and and you know, treat him with the the graciousness and reverence that it come in
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alright. I think they got it.
Chloe Lannert: Some.
Chloe Lannert: Alright. This session is gonna be super intense. Y'all we have 5 whole slides for you. So buckle in.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. So we talked about this a little bit.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But oh, yeah, Anton, we're gonna put everything that we just shared with you in base camp. So no worries there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So before we get into the exercise, because we have a little exercise plan for you, we want to demonstrate a few examples as well. I'm curious to get you. All's recollection of us introducing Demo Day last week.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Why can you recall? Are we doing a Q. And a format.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Open question.
Andrew Fernandes: They already have the shared foundation of the book.
Andrew Fernandes: and we put this in practice.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What do you mean?
Ankur Toshniwal: I think this is about demo day.
Meg Hall: Yeah.
Andrew Fernandes: Oh, sorry!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's okay.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Meg Hall: It was gonna be to kind of answer some of the questions that the people have in the audience have, and then also kind of prove that you're worth talking to rather than it just being self promotional. And a lot of people can like win a regular pitch. But it's not necessarily mean that they have a great business. So this way, it's more of like a conversational format. That proves that you actually know your stuff.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes, and so there's a little more. I'm looking forward. But, Meg, you nailed like 80% of it right there.
Alex Nativelle: I think it's also you said it was more interactive for the crowd to be attracted right like to keep the audience engaged. It's way, easier to have a discussion between 2 people like a podcast type of thing. So I don't know rather than just someone monologuing for 6 min.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Exactly right. Yeah. It's basically, I think that the early state days of demo days were. It was very effective to have the sage on stage, and the very powerful pitch
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it's gotten played out because it's been overused and done so often. So much having more variety is more effective. For sure
Neal Sáles-Griffin: there's 1 other thing I'm looking at, Esmile.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: One quick question, does the audience know that this is kind of like artificial Q&A, or it just they don't know. Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They don't. They don't believe it. They don't even believe it. That's the thing. So like, just like we knew, I saw the videos of the founders for Demo Day.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like I could probably tell them that it's scripted. But then, when they watch you up there, they're not going to believe it is because they're gonna feel like you were having just a conversation with your eir on stage.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it feels real. Even if in your mind you'd know every single word. The script is.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: That's the.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's 1 other thing
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm I'm I'm looking forward. I don't know if anybody feels like there's anything missing about the purpose of this format. But there is one glaring details
Neal Sáles-Griffin: openly. Here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Go ahead, Anthony.
Anthony De Silva: No, no, I think that's for the the I was thinking, just having this like for us to reuse. But that was, I think that was for the product video.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Sure, sure, close enough. Alright! I'll give it to you. So this is. This is getting rid of your 1st meeting
Neal Sáles-Griffin: with your stakeholder, with your investor with whoever. So the whole idea here is that a lot of you go into one meeting.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and you don't get invited for the second one.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because there are things that they are already
Neal Sáles-Griffin: preconceiving about you, or they're projecting onto your business or your model, or you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That is mitigating your chances of having a conversation.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So the whole purpose here is to embrace the hardest hitting stuff that could rule out a person having a desire to speak to you, for whatever reason. Oh, Brio, your ed tech, or Oh, you know, Vivian, you know the auto industry doesn't seem like it's going to be that, you know satiate, or you know, big enough of a market for us or you know, whatever issue they're gonna have with whatever they perceive on paper or on the surface of your business model.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We're gonna take those head on. And we're gonna talk about those tough questions today.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I really really want to emphasize that, because I think sometimes you can lose the plot
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and focus more on performance, and like wanting to look the best as opposed to embracing the most difficult and challenging aspects of your business that you can control the narrative around if you decide to seize this moment.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that is the real purpose, and where the energy came from for this format for me, and why I came up with it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and it for the ones who take that seriously, it does wonders for them cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So again we talked about the importance of the Question Bank.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm not gonna repeat it. I've already said it enough, but just know that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you should have that the ready, because that's all we're here to talk about, or what key questions that you think are going to be important to call out. And we're gonna actually do a little bit of an exercise to have you guys.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know, answer some of them in real time.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, the reason we keep hitting this is because it takes
Chloe Lannert: half, if not more, of the work, out of putting together this portion of the pitch.
Chloe Lannert: If you know what the real questions are, what questions you actually keep receiving first, st like as the 1st question after your pitch like it, it changes the game.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So if you go back one more, Chloe, because I think what we can do if you'd like is
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we can come back to this after we demo a few of the
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Q. And A's for them to see, and I think that'll help prime the pump a bit for the exercise that we'll do when we have to write them down.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So Chloe and I had a chat before this call, and we picked 3 founders
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Q. A's that we thought would be the most welcome to share one. We're gonna show you the whole pitch, for the other 2 will probably jump just to the QA. But I'd like to talk to you all about them and get your feedback and thoughts on what you think was effective about it. What was ineffective and draw any inspiration that could help you all with how you want to design your QA.
Chloe Lannert: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We can start with Ally, I think, cause that'll be the full pitch.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, this 1st one might be weird. You're gonna have to to tell me if it doesn't work
Chloe Lannert: in this display.
Chloe Lannert: Does this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It works.
Chloe Lannert: Audio.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think the audio is messed up.
Chloe Lannert: Audio's messed up.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think you need to share the audio.
Chloe Lannert: Great.
Chloe Lannert: All right in the eighties. My dad sold half a million cans of baked beans.
Chloe Lannert: It was a gag gift called Jacuzzi in a can.
Chloe Lannert: That's a fart joke, yeah. And it even made it on to the Johnny Carson show.
Chloe Lannert: So when he died in a plane crash a year ago.
Chloe Lannert: I wasn't surprised how many people told me they wanted to live with the level of joy and generosity as he had.
Chloe Lannert: Death is a rare moment when we step back and reflect
Chloe Lannert: on how we want to live.
Chloe Lannert: I'm Ali Briggs, Carvalho, CEO of Lifeweb, 360, where we help communities honor a loved one that has passed away by sharing memories and make meaning in their own lives. In the process.
Chloe Lannert: We do that with a community engagement platform where people can share stories, photos and videos.
Chloe Lannert: When someone dies, the family's in shock and everyone else is feeling awkward, but wants to do something. So at lifeweb, we're connecting the real life communities that the person was a part of. So everyone can acknowledge how that person impacted their life and learn about them from different perspectives
Chloe Lannert: on my dad's life web. I learned just how many people he made laugh
Chloe Lannert: and how many more he inspired.
Chloe Lannert: So, however much time we get.
Chloe Lannert: let's live the hell out of it like my dad did.
Chloe Lannert: Whoa!
Chloe Lannert: He seized the moment every moment he had.
Chloe Lannert: and I'll always remember the ways he taught me to let go
Chloe Lannert: with lifelove 360. Anyone could create a tribute page to honor someone that has passed away and spread the word to the communities they were a part of, like their high school.
Chloe Lannert: their church, or their fraternity, and gather memories from everyone who knew them and ways.
Chloe Lannert: That's why we start with organizations.
Chloe Lannert: we're creating an interconnected network through these real life communities, beginning with fraternities, sororities, universities, and private schools, where we're already reaching 775,000 fraternity members. And that's just 5%.
Chloe Lannert: So we can remember
Chloe Lannert: 1, 2.
Chloe Lannert: It might got you dead. Mike. Get it?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: all right, let's put up a tribute page for that microphone. All right.
Chloe Lannert: I get to talk to the most bubbly, colorful person about death. But I want to ask you first.st Obviously, this is a product more about life.
Chloe Lannert: Who's this for? Who's paying for it? Talk to me about who your initial customers are?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So membership-based organizations pay us an annual subscription for a branded website with lifeweb tribute pages for all their members that have passed away, and the reason that they do that is, for alumni or member engagement, and also for fundraising.
Chloe Lannert: Talk to me about that. Why, engagement and fundraising? And and
Chloe Lannert: how does that relate to the celebration of life.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So if you think about most membership based organizations like a church or a fraternity, they're nonprofits. And so the whole goal of a nonprofit is to self-perpetuate. But if there's not a strong community, there's no donors, and the whole thing collapses, and a couple things happen when a member of that community
Chloe Lannert: dies. So first, st people are going to start reflecting on why they were a member of that organization in the 1st place, and they're also going to reflect on their own legacy and how they'll be remembered. So it becomes this really organic opportunity for the nonprofit to introduce planned giving, which is, when you write them into your will
Chloe Lannert: almost a reflection point of the impact the organization had on me. Because I'm having to remember all these memories absolutely so me as an individual end user. Is there a fee for me, or is it coming from the organization totally free for the end? Users for anybody that's coming to the page to share or view memories got it. And I don't want to alarm anyone in the room. But we're all going to die.
Chloe Lannert: So your market is basically 100% of the wow, that's
Chloe Lannert: that's really big. So since everyone's going to die, who are you focused on 1st
Chloe Lannert: great questions, too. So we're focused on sororities and fraternities first.st And, by the way, when I say we, I'm talking about my co-founder, Rochelle, somewhere in here
Chloe Lannert: my co-founder, Rochelle and I met in business school at Kellogg. And now we're up to a full-time team of 5, and we partnered with a bunch of different types of organizations trying to find our beachhead fraternities, had a few things going for them. First.st They already have formal systems in place to track. When one of their members has passed away and share that out with the community. So usually an In Memoriam section in their alumni magazine. And we're essentially digitizing that.
Chloe Lannert: And then they're a really phenomenal aggregator. So one of our partners, Lambda Chi, they have over 300,000 members, and the affinity between those members is really strong. That's sort of the whole point of brotherhood. And the Kicker fraternities have a relatively short sales cycle. Yeah, that's always good, you know. Are there more communities you're trying to reach. Obviously, this is just the beginning. But where do you see the expansion?
Chloe Lannert: Any community-based organization anywhere in the world we can help. So we're aiming to lock up the fraternity and sorority market, you know. Besides Lambda Chi, we're already working with Sigma Alpha Mu. So that's Sammy Deke and Alpha Phi omega. And we're actually on track to have 10% of men's fraternities as customers by the end of the month. Wow! Yeah, congratulations.
Chloe Lannert: Thank you. Coming to an alumni magazine near you, and what we think is really neat about starting with fraternities. Is it positions us really well to go after colleges next, because if you were a member of a fraternity, it means that you went to college. And so we're already starting with a large number of life webs honoring college alumni, and then also going after private high schools. So we already have 3 partners there, including Stuyvesant High School in New York City. Got it.
Chloe Lannert: So as I just think of my own life. And if I were to die and hopefully, not anytime soon, you're looking at multiple organizations that I've been a part of? Is there an individual life web or tribute page for me in each of these orgs, or are they interconnected in some way? So there would just be one life web tribute page honoring you where everyone would share memories. But there would be multiple entry points to Stu's life web
Chloe Lannert: from the different communities that you are a part of. So that could be your faith group, your employer, union or professional association. All of these types of organizations are on our go-to-market roadmap as well. And what's pretty neat is if somebody from your high school passes away.
Chloe Lannert: You're looking at their life web learning about what they were like later in life, you can really see what they were like in another context, like, Wow, that guy really really grew up and matured. That's what they'll say about me. Possibly, you know. Obviously, there's a lot of inherent virality when you start linking together these organizations.
Chloe Lannert: How are you guys thinking about that. And taking advantage of that, there's a ton of virality here. So each partner really strengthens this interconnected network that we're building makes it easier to acquire the next partner, and the partners are essentially paying us to market lifeweb services to their hundreds of thousands of members that inevitably will lose a loved one and hopefully use life web to honor them.
Chloe Lannert: as if the celebration of life of every person on the planet wasn't enough. What is the big vision for you.
Chloe Lannert: so it's entirely about the living. Let's say that a friend of mine dies. If I didn't tell them that they were important to me, I'm going to wish that I had. And so I'm going to call up my other friends. I'm going to call my mom, and I'm going to tell them I love them. Death has this ripple effect of acknowledgement, and in that way I like to think about lifeweb as the inverse of social media. So social media is my life told by me?
Chloe Lannert: Lifeweb? Is my life told by others? It's all about acknowledgement and connection, and you know we're in the middle of a loneliness epidemic. One in 2 Americans has reported feeling lonely, and if I do my job correctly, lifeweb helps. People feel reconnected to the communities that are already a part of them helps them feel part of something bigger than themselves, and helps them realize that
Chloe Lannert: surprise.
Chloe Lannert: They're going to die one day, so they should stop scrolling and make the most of their time on earth with the people that they love. Lifeweb is all about life, and helping people live with more joy and intention and connection.
Chloe Lannert: and death is just the side door that gets us there.
Chloe Lannert: I love that I love especially what you said about the inverse of social media. I think telling each other stories is really powerful.
Chloe Lannert: as we're all gathered today for a little bit of a celebration of life. How can we help?
Chloe Lannert: So I would like to ask everybody here to just reflect on the organizations that are really important to you, the ones that you really identify with. And you know, if you want to help those organizations thrive, refer them to us so that we can help them strengthen their community of supporters.
Chloe Lannert: So if you have an organization in mind, especially if it's a private high school, please drop us your email at the QR. Code here, and I'll send you more information, and as an added bonus I will send you the clip of Jacuzzi in a can on the Johnny Carson, show cool beans.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So she also, yeah.
Alex Nativelle: Was the mic thing planned.
Alex Nativelle: No, that's crazy.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That was totally on the fly.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's crazy.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you all know. Logistically speaking, it was me who handed them the extra mic, because I sit right in the front of Demo day, so I'm right there in front of you. If anything goes wrong, I've got a bottle of water. I've got a microphone, and I know some of your lines I'm ready to like kind of assist you, if need be.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, you can also stare into a soul front and center if you need. If you don't want to look at anyone else, stare at Neil. He's there for you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Prefer that you didn't, but you certainly can.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So any any feedback thoughts, reflections on what you saw just now. What did you like?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What what was resonating did inspire you at all. Any questions about it.
Andrew Fernandes: I thought the narrative was very strong. Making it relatable and making people her intended audience feel what she's
Andrew Fernandes: selling
Andrew Fernandes: in her case, which is theoretically everyone and I think any, almost anyone, could connect with what she was saying.
Andrew Fernandes: And she was very clear in
Andrew Fernandes: describing their go to market strategy and rationale behind it. Why, they're going after fraternities.
Andrew Fernandes: Question I have would be, are the will the questions be that easy? Because at least to me the questions seemed like layups. In this case.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, it was definitely more of an emotional fish. And that was actually the same feedback I had, Andrew, just like we weren't being tough enough business. In my opinion. So that's a good example of that. A little bit of a softball cream puffs we call them
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for any baseball fans out there. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What I will say is
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because she leaned in so deeply to the emotional part what she was doing strategically
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in the QA relative to the pitch itself, was making sure that there was a sturdiness to the business model itself. So she was talking about like it was a B, 2 B, right? It's not like it's it almost felt like A B to C company like this is about people's lives or whatever. But no, she's actually selling to institutions and universities, and well established and well funded like potential customers. So that was the big hurdle she wanted to overcome. So that was how we designed her. QA.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Steve was actually one of the few founders in that for that pitch
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that have somebody write her a check at demo there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So she actually got an investment on the spot after that. And I think it was because of the emotional
Neal Sáles-Griffin: component of the story. There were, you know, obviously, investors are emotional themselves. And this is a very relatable type of problem. And the only other Easter egg I'll share about this is
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I actually rejected Ali from techstars for my very 1st program 3 years prior to that demo that you saw. He applied to my very 1st program with that business, and I I said no.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and one of the people who was a part of my screening committee at the time was Bob Mesto.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So Bob was literally there with me, with Jason freed at 37 signals, where I had my 1st screening committee for techstars.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and he stuck around with them for those 3 years and helped them with their business, because right around that time it was 2019, or 2020.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's when Clay Christensen died.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So the very 1st life web ever made was actually the inventor of jobs to be done himself, plus.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's how Bob had this connection to Ali, and he coached her into getting into my program 3 years later. So it's a fun little lore story with the connection there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But Antoine, sorry.
antoinecarriere: There. There was no question about the the business model in the sense of the specifics of the business model. Are you revenue generating? What's your average
antoinecarriere: kind of like? Are you profitable? What's the?
antoinecarriere: And I I guess that's that was one of the the things that made it
antoinecarriere: sound global. I suspect it's kind of the idea is not to kind of
antoinecarriere: kind of have us kind of fall into a trap. So I'm sure there's a good reason for that. But had I been had I been kind of interested in the business, that's something that I would have wanted to kind of
antoinecarriere: dig further on. Was that come up to her afterwards and ask her those questions? Maybe.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So the whole idea is you're teasing people to want to have the curiosity to get to know you better. The job or the Demo Day pitch isn't to cover the entirety of the business. It's to give you enough information to want to have a conversation with the right people afterwards. So it's a little bit of an art to figure out. What do I share versus? What do I tease out
Neal Sáles-Griffin: versus? What do I allude to to activate a deeper dive of a conversation afterwards.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. And within the like, squishy feel good. There were a few details that she hit on. Team of 5.
Chloe Lannert: You don't get a team of 5. That's not people in a basement anymore. That's like you have employees. Now, once you hit that number, that's not just co-founders anymore. She had a bunch of like. She gave details about her largest customer of over 300,000 fraternity members like she. She didn't list her financials, but she gave enough that you could understand that there was something real, and then you can go talk to her about the exact metrics afterwards.
Chloe Lannert: But you almost didn't notice. You just got the vibe that it was working.
Chloe Lannert: Unless you're really paying attention for those specifics you just like understood that it was going in the right direction.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah. I thought that she did a very good job of the framing, of course, of like what she was saying related to a business, but I think related to a personality like the the
Alex Nativelle: thing I got from her is that she's a very joyful person, and it feels that the pitch aligned very well with who she was right, how she dressed up, how she came up in the stage, how she appeared! I feel! That was. That's what I took from her thing like even the joke with the mic was really great, and she took it with a joke at the beginning joke at the end. Everything seems like the framing of her personality with her business seems very much aligned.
Alex Nativelle: which is one of the things that I really appreciated.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Absolutely. The choice of her colored, colorful skirt was intentional, her humor the joke leading in, and also the the big gowner at the end of her initial pitch when she talks about how you know, when my dad died in a plane crash here, like all of that, was thought about, and like, actually very intentional. So I'm glad you noticed that, Alex.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, I thought the thought the cold open was really good choice.
Ankur Toshniwal: I was pretty surprised, like through the whole. In 1st part, I was really trying to figure out how this is a business, and I was pleasantly surprised by the way she structured it after that. But
Ankur Toshniwal: I guess it's just a personal take. I feel like I would I would. Almost
Ankur Toshniwal: a a part of me was a little bit concerned that it was turning into like.
Ankur Toshniwal: you know, just like a pure emotional play. But then I was again surprised by that. But I was almost like a little bit scared like as she got towards the end of that part that I was like, oh, is this like
Ankur Toshniwal: what's about to happen? But she she did a really good job of kind of closing the gap almost to the point where I felt like the business was felt good enough to be able to talk about in the 1st part.
Ankur Toshniwal: You know, and I almost wonder if there was like a transition there. But overall, I think the narrative made a lot of sense. The business
Ankur Toshniwal: I went to. I went to school as well. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, sorry to interrupt. I just want to be clear on the point you just made. Do you remember her? Ask at the end
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what was her? Ask her call to action?
Ankur Toshniwal: Don't!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Does anybody remember what the call to action was?
Meg Hall: To connect with people that have made an impact in your life.
Ankur Toshniwal: I see!
antoinecarriere: She? She actually asked, if you think about any organizations.
antoinecarriere: yeah, can you just get the mail.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That you care about. Exactly so. What she said was, Hey, by the way, think about what organizations you're a part of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right. So she got real referrals to customers in the room in that moment, because that was her goal. Her goal was not to get investment, and she ended up getting investment and customers.
Ankur Toshniwal: From that pitch.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I I think that was so well done by her. As far as thinking about a call to action, she set up the emotional piece which you can connect to and relate to, because you think about your organizations that you're a part of. I know you're a part of a fraternity too long for right? So like you think about people in your fraternity who either has passed away or that are important to you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All of a sudden. You're thinking emotionally about these people. But then you hear the business evidence throughout the Q. And A, and then at the end, let me remind you, let's go back to you. The human.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Please help me help other humans tell their stories
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and honor people's memories. I think that was pretty good. So okay, I didn't mean to interrupt you, though, so.
Ankur Toshniwal: No, it was. It was yeah, it was
Ankur Toshniwal: yeah, it was. I thought it was. I thought it was really well done. Overall from like the the narrative pitch clarity and then again, surprising, really like cleverly constructed business around that entire thing which I was like, oh, wow, yeah, I just didn't expect it. That's that's really it. I was like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm grateful. Yeah, yeah, I'm glad you you identified that. And the other piece that I want all of you to think about is I'm gonna work with each of you individually on this, too, as I coach you for Demo Day
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is, you also need to be the kind of person that people can perceive to be a leader of this company.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right? Can you imagine, like, I can imagine Allie running this business like being the CEO of this company with her, her cadence, her humor, but her ability to very cogently speak about the business as well like. There's a combination of characteristics that are important to demonstrate in a moment like that that can get someone to believe that you're the right person to actually run this company.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All right, Antoine, last comment.
antoinecarriere: Yeah. The the the thing that really struck me was to your point about the the ask that she made.
antoinecarriere: and, more generally speaking the whole the whole the whole speech.
antoinecarriere: It was very there's lots of places where I think it could have gone wrong. So, for example, the the last ask is very kind of it's it's very elaborate. Because it's like, Hey, think about the ones you prefer you. You like the most
antoinecarriere: kind of do them a favor. Send them to us. That's kind of the way she she she framed it like they. If you really care about them.
antoinecarriere: Do kind of send them to us. That's it's it's also I mean the it it came across very well, but I could totally see how it would come across. Very, very salesy. And so the whole the I'm I'm very curious now to know how you guys
antoinecarriere: kind of calibrated it. So it's really it kind of it goes smoothly to your point. The the QA. The beginning of the QA. Goes, gives her the opportunity to go into the details about the business that she hasn't really talked about before, etcetera. So it felt it felt like it was really really very well calibrated. And I I would say, you know, that worries me because I'm thinking like Whoa! How do we get that? Calibrated.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It starts right now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All right. A smile. I'll give you the bone.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Okay. So one question here, all this video we have watched so far, I think that was only Jake who had his like video. Basically in the beginning, and then it was the pitch afterwards. But the rest we see that there would be like 1 min pitch, and then the video comes next.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Just curious of what kind of like installation we need to. Of course, whatever comes first, st it would set the atmosphere and the context and everything. So how would you decide like which would be which one would be.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cheers.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: To be.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah. Default default is pitch 1st and then video like in general. So if you're not sure, stick to that, and you'll be fine. There are a few rare cases where, when we see your pitch and we understand the sequence of what you're talking about, it might be appropriate for you to pull the video first, st to like, alleviate, or assuage any disconnections that people might have. What you're talking about.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right? So optim, there's a real possibility. It might make sense for your video to go first.st I don't know yet. I want to see the whole picture and see what you think makes sense, and then we'll try it both ways and then decide together.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But you don't need to worry about it like you still need both. So.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah, we are making scenarios now, like how it works. If you have like video first, st and then the patient comes to next. So there are, of course, different scenarios. I think we have to discuss the details later.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And Chloe. Chloe can pull some more pitches that are video first.st That can help you think about that like, I think, Halon, the battery boys. That's a good one Chloe. There's a couple of other ones that are more technical.
Chloe Lannert: Yep.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Hmm.
Chloe Lannert: So perform view as well. I think so. The companies that tend to go video 1st are either incredibly technical to the point that it's really hard to get an audience of non industry professionals up to speed on what you're doing without visuals
Chloe Lannert: and companies that are more creative. So one was like an artist like an a performance art sort of alternative educational streaming service. And they went with the visuals 1st to like create a really strong brand situation, but outside of that, the vast majority of you, it'll land better if you go pitch first, st
Chloe Lannert: just so you can engage with the audience and then demonstrate
Chloe Lannert: like, get people bought into you, then get them understanding the product. And then you get that breather in the middle before you go into the QA. It's helpful to have like that little minute to yourself to sort of context switch. So that's why the the pitch 1st tends to
Chloe Lannert: be the more popular option.
Meg Hall: Can I ask really quickly about, like the timeline of like us making the videos and thinking through like the whole, like practicing our Q&A and stuff, just because I feel a little uneasy about like I just don't wanna drop a ball, you know.
Chloe Lannert: Totally. So next I believe it's next week. Let me check.
Chloe Lannert: Next week is when we're going to ask you to have a storyboard built out for your video, and we're going to go through that together and give feedback to each other. We're going to ask you for like a blow by blow if you're gonna have, like a voiceover, like a draft voiceover script, but like an understanding of what that video is going to be. So by the end of next week you're able to send it off to a contractor and get that moving and have that sort of out of your hands, because that tends to be. The thing that stresses people out gets closest to the deadline is hardest to edit.
Chloe Lannert: so we'll be starting with that, and then pitch practices will start in earnest in week 10. But if you want to get
Chloe Lannert: iterations of the pitch going highly, encourage you guys to link up together in smaller groups to practice highly, encourage you to take videos of yourselves, to practice, drop it in a pitch, practice chain and basecamp, send it to the team. You should be from our last session. Be thinking about the general narrative across the 3 sections, and starting to to think about what that pitch is going to look like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And to be clear. I'm sorry, Matt. Go ahead. Sorry.
Meg Hall: Okay, from all the videos we've seen so far, none of them are like investor really facing videos, like, the videos, are almost more consumer facing right? Like we're not putting our revenue traction inside of it. We're not putting our market size. We're not putting anything like that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This was oriented to investors, because that's 1, for sure.
Meg Hall: Is it?
Meg Hall: Okay?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't know if you remember that one.
Meg Hall: Seemed like it was.
Meg Hall: I remember it. But I don't like remember the details. Yeah.
Anthony De Silva: Burhan's 1 us to investors. I think, too.
Chloe Lannert: Burhan's was literally a demo of his product.
Chloe Lannert: It was literally just a conversation with his voice, AI recording with nothing on the screen. That's what he put up for his video. So
Chloe Lannert: there's a lot of ways you can do it. The main thing is, people do tend to spend a little bit of money on this.
Chloe Lannert: and we want it to have longevity beyond the metrics you have right now.
Chloe Lannert: and with the audience like, unless you're only trying to talk to investors, and you have a really good argument for why you need to fundraise now. It doesn't make a ton of sense, and also with the pitch and the Q. And A. You have a lot of chances to talk about your traction.
Chloe Lannert: You don't have a lot of visual time to show people the product and get them to understand what interacting with it looks like. So we, it is a video, you can change the format. But we do call it a product video, because that tends to be what lands best.
Meg Hall: It's 1 min video.
Chloe Lannert: 1 min. Video.
Meg Hall: That's so short. Okay, I mean, you did. You did it for the initial applications?
Meg Hall: Barely. I don't. I don't think I might. Only minute and a half, and I think I cut a lot out.
Meg Hall: Okay, sorry, Neil. I didn't mean to cut you off earlier. You can go ahead.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No, it's all good. I actually lost the thought. It's all good.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, I was.
Ankur Toshniwal: Are there any examples of more than just one person, more than one founder being on the? Is there like a.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No.
Ankur Toshniwal: Is there? So is that something that's like, you guys don't really don't advise.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No times.
Ankur Toshniwal: Okay.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, you will see. A lot of people will sort of like point out, and the co-founder in the audience will stand up and sort of wave. If you want to spotlight them. We also will talk about this later down the line. But sometimes sometimes people like to do matching T-shirts to make it really visually obvious. Who's together when you're having conversations after the fact, like they're cute things you can do to make it clear who your team is, but just one on stage.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And let's do, Alex.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This might be the last one close, and then we can jump into the exercise.
Chloe Lannert: Sounds good.
Chloe Lannert: Well done, thanks, sir!
Chloe Lannert: Oh, pretty pumped for context. Alex. Was in our ebay class, and he was doing AI
Chloe Lannert: performance for ads. So, understanding, like what ads worked, and giving suggestions on how to like, improve ad spend
Chloe Lannert: Dante set the standard, and you you met it so well done.
Chloe Lannert: so really high level. I helped introduce you to a customer or 2, and it's because I felt the pain, and I saw that this was something that a lot of the companies that I was talking to were dealing with and tell us a little bit about your product roadmap and how that's evolving. Yeah. So as you just saw, our current product is AI insights to tell you exactly which text and visual elements perform best.
Chloe Lannert: 2024 roadmap is all about streamlining, creative and production processes. So basically helping marketers design their ads to do that, we're going to leverage fine-tuned generative AI models. Specifically, a technique called reinforcement learning from human feedback. Basically, our users are helping to train our model and build our moat.
Chloe Lannert: You know, there's really a lot. There's there's a handful of big AI marketing companies out there. Jasper AI is one of them. They're a billion dollar company. So what Jasper did to automate blog posts is what we're going to do for ads
Chloe Lannert: makes sense. Look, I've seen a ton of marketing tech companies out there, and it feels like these days, especially with AI. There's just more and more marketing tech companies popping out. Can you talk a little bit about how you differentiate from that crowd? For sure. Yeah, it's a crowded space. But we're unique for 3 reasons. So first, st our go to market strategy selling to agencies is unique.
Chloe Lannert: A lot of Sas has trouble selling to agencies. But I worked there for much of my career. So I really understand that target persona and how to sell to them.
Chloe Lannert: Second.
Chloe Lannert: we have team market fit. So our go-to-market lead. Jj. Is here with us tonight. She worked in analytics at Warby Parker at segment during hyper growth. We also have an AI Ml. Engineer from Amazon.
Chloe Lannert: And finally, the granularity of our insights is unique. So we go down to the text and visual component level. And so, for example, we'll say for a given advertiser, ads with green grass performed 30% better text with the words benefits and thoughtfully crafted perform 70% better, so that granularity is not only in high demand, but it's also hard to come by. Yeah, it makes sense, I mean, look you and I have been working now for a couple of weeks, and I've seen
Chloe Lannert: the product evolve. I've seen your sales evolve. The thing that I've been most impressed by is actually your go to market right? In a very short period of time, you've been able to add customers and show that there is product market fit. Can you expand a little bit about your go to market strategy because I think it's pretty unique, absolutely. So we're deliberately selling to ad agencies to get data 10 x. Faster.
Chloe Lannert: So agencies have at least 10 to 30 clients of their own. And for each of those clients we're getting their data to train our model
Chloe Lannert: for incremental revenue and to get more reps. So one of the other cool things about agencies is they're using our product and our insights for their own sales efforts. And so when they win a new client, they onboard them to purposely. We're getting incremental revenue because of our per brand pricing model. We've really been able to prove out this land and expand model. So, for example, we had an early customer at $300 a month. We've since expanded their contract value 8 x
Chloe Lannert: not bad. That's good. Nrr, for sure. So yeah, you've got a bunch of people here all supportive, I'm assuming. Tell us how we can help
Chloe Lannert: so surprise surprise. We're looking to talk to investors and customers on the investor front. We'd love to speak with pre-seed funds interested in b 2 b. AI, but specifically with ties to marketing and media. So we had a couple sales calls recently with business insider. We'd love to get intros to a few more kind of media publishers to really explore that segment. That'd be a great intro from an investor
Chloe Lannert: on the customer prospect side. It's all about agencies. So agencies that work with Dtc brands, nonprofits. Really, any consumer brand that runs a lot of Facebook ads is relevant. And finally, just a quick, exciting update. Last month we signed our 1st annual contract. So nice.
Chloe Lannert: $30,000 contract. Not a bad size. That's that's great, especially in the market. You're targeting. So I feel like that's just proof point for exciting growth ahead. Absolutely. We're gaining momentum, would love to chat with anyone relevant. So investors, introductions and agency contacts. Well, Alex, thanks a lot man. Pretty tough.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So, guys, I don't know if you notice. But Alex was nervous.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It wasn't a perfect Q. And A. It wasn't a perfect pitch, either.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but he stuck the landing, and he got an assist from the Eir.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I showed you all that one, because I don't always need to show you all the ones that go perfectly. You should also see ones that are kind of like. Hmm, like, maybe this wasn't as solid, but
Neal Sáles-Griffin: also significant funding round in the past year. You all met him, I think, at the beginning of this program. His business is doing well. He's doing well. I thought it was a really cool example just to know that isn't the end all be all. And even still, what was important with his pitch to me was the fact that he had significant, substantial traction, and even though he bungled the final ask for a moment there, by not acknowledging the contract value of that annual deal.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The Eir was aware enough to remind him of that important detail, because they had practiced so much together.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Which happens sometimes.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. I think Snow got an assist from Liliana, too, on some numbers. So your your people are up there to support you. Help you with.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So the more you practice with your eir, the more well versed you're gonna be. So if there's ever a moment where you need help
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so like, keep something going. Or you know that kind of thing, because we've had moments where founders like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: literally in their head, they get so nervous on stage that their answer a different question.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So you hear them responding that like. And they're saying something that doesn't make sense. Given the question that was asked, and then the the ir like picks up on it, and like figures out how to dream maneuver things like that. So the more you practice the better off you'll be with like anything that could happen or go wrong.
Chloe Lannert: Also in terms of the presentation. Where was he looking.
Ankur Toshniwal: At the Eir. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: The entire time he did not look up, and did y'all notice like where Allie was looking.
Ankur Toshniwal: Audience, yeah.
Chloe Lannert: I, personally didn't, because she was like switching back and forth, and it felt organic like I wasn't paying attention to where she was looking because it felt natural. But I noticed that Alex was like
Chloe Lannert: wired in on Imran the entire time. So just flagging like on the presentation aspect, we're going to work with you throughout this throughout the next couple of weeks. It's not just the memorization, but it's the body language during the pitch. It's making sure you are standing. Normally, we talk a lot about switching your attention between the Eir and the audience. It's going to be weird at first, st figuring out like which points you kind of want to redirect your attention, but
Chloe Lannert: once it's practiced out, you'll understand like which points you want to emphasize to the audience. Make it feel like you're talking to them, and how to how to balance that out.
Andrew Fernandes: I have strong priors on this. But, what are some negative effects of body language can have that you see.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: People who end up moving around too much can be really distracting. You seem like you're not in control. You're nervous. It can take away from what you're saying, because then people stop listening to your words, and they're more focused on your movements and kind of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the disconnect there that can happen
Neal Sáles-Griffin: with. If someone seems like they're only focused on who they're talking to and not acknowledging the room or engaging the room
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that can also like Trigger, a little bit of like a signal that the founders like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: too nervous to even include you in the conversation, even though you're supposed to be a part of it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Not acknowledging the eir at all, and just speaking to the room as well, is another like trigger of that. That doesn't look right and doesn't feel right either. So those would be the main ones. Andrew.
Chloe Lannert: The the other thing is like when the body language, aspect of it goes really well, you don't notice it.
Chloe Lannert: It feels really natural, and it feels organic, and it feels like it's a person talking to you versus someone who's on stage and giving a presentation and has been preparing and whatever. So it almost like breaks the 4th wall. In a way when someone's like overly nervous or like clearly.
Chloe Lannert: the little twitchy, whatever it reminds you that it reminds the audience that they're giving a presentation versus
Chloe Lannert: almost like chatting with the audience. And it just it feels more organic. It's easier to approach someone afterwards, if they feel really natural on stage, I almost Neil, are you good if I show, like the 1st 15 seconds of Andrew's pitch, just because he.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Let's let's hear Anthony's question, too. But yeah, I don't mind if if everyone's cool with it.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah. So I think he had 2 asks from the audience, 1, 1 was for the investors, and then one for the customer. Any any thoughts on whether it should be just a like a single ask or.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think a single ass is more likely to get like resonance. However.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think he handled it well, right, because we did go back and forth on that choice, and he said, Hey, I want to talk with precede investors. B, 2 B. AI specifically wanted to have media marketing connections so like the layers of specificity he layered, he put in. There, I think, are very important to do. If you just say I don't want precede investors like that's not very helpful. But if you show that there's a particular type that you want to talk to, it's really good. But then he also wanted to demonstrate that he's hungry for customers, and he's open for business and actively serving customers right now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So he he like kind of weaved it properly. It's it's gonna be a style choice on your part. If you want to do both.
Anthony De Silva: Gotcha.
Ankur Toshniwal: before you jump into the next one. Chloe. One thing to one thing I noted. There's more just about the narrative, because, like the subs, a lot of stuff that you get like it makes sense. I think he was. He's ran. He rambled a bit, but he was still pretty clear, like I didn't feel like I didn't, was like missing the point. It was just like
Ankur Toshniwal: the sentences were longer, so I had to like work to put it all together, but it was still like there's a lot of meat in everything he was saying, and you could tell that he knew his stuff. One thing that was, I thought was different. I wanted to ask a question about was, I felt in the 1st one the Eir had much more of a personality.
Ankur Toshniwal: and was actually.
Ankur Toshniwal: it's kind of a interesting dynamic you have one version where like, that's a little distracting. If it's taking away from the person who's needs to have the most attention. And there's another version where it actually makes it feel comfortable. I don't think the fur I don't think
Ankur Toshniwal: the 1st one necessarily crossed that line, but I felt that I understood the second founder a little bit more, even though, like the pitch itself was substance wise was like maybe slightly harder to follow. I felt like I heard him speak a lot more, and I didn't. I wasn't.
Ankur Toshniwal: I didn't even realize this. The Eir was there in the second one, which I thought was kind of interesting, even though the ir, like even the 30 K. When I think about it. I thought about it was oh, it was a CEO who said that? Not the Eir, just because, like that was like the mapping to that. So I wonder? I'm curious like, how you guys
Ankur Toshniwal: think about the like when you're choosing the eir and choosing how
Ankur Toshniwal: to map them in the narrative like how that matters.
Chloe Lannert: So the ers have personalities, and on some level that's going to show up. But they're going to turn it up or down, depending on the narrative that makes the most sense. So Ali's pitch depended on people liking her and wanting to connect like the orgs that they really care about with her, and like it, her personality, like mattered a lot more, and, like the feel good audience, Vibe mattered a lot more
Chloe Lannert: versus Alex, who was his pitch was tailored a lot more to investors. And it's like, let's get the numbers out. Let's get the details out. What's the go to market. It was much more quant and like the likability mattered less in sort of the b 2 b investor context. So the Eirs are, gonna they'll dress up the questions a little bit to make it sound natural to themselves, like they're not going to robotically deliver whatever you give them word for word.
Chloe Lannert: but the amount that they're talking will depend on how you want to structure it.
Ankur Toshniwal: Gotcha. Okay, thank you. I was curious, like, I was curious. How like you guys even thought about it. I should have assumed you obviously think about it. But yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You think about all those things, man? Come on, now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: let's checks out of San Francisco.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is not a drill.
Ankur Toshniwal: Let's go.
Chloe Lannert: It's also depending on people's confidence with remembering details. You can give your ears more chances to like, interject in versus setting more context like you can arrange the questions to help you deliver the best pitch possible.
Chloe Lannert: So cool. Okay, 15 seconds of Andrew. Just to show what body language looks.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We don't need welcome music, anyway, it's all good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Hey? Listen. We got 2 of these left. You guys have been amazing staying through this. Thank you so much. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Look. Mortgage lenders and realtors spend thousands to acquire a new customer, and yet 4 out of every 5 of those customers that they paid so much to get.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They they wanna watch it. Chloe, do y'all want to watch it? Is that what I'm hearing
Neal Sáles-Griffin: or no? Oh, Meg didn't react. Meg's like, maybe not.
Meg Hall: I want like 30 seconds more. I don't wanna watch this whole thing.
Chloe Lannert: It's it's in the Chicago Fall.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We'll send the link. We'll send the link to watch the rest. Yeah, that's not a problem.
Chloe Lannert: Link is in there.
Chloe Lannert: but I'll just finish like the actual pitch the next like 30 seconds. We'll leave them on the next transaction, where that acquisition cost would have finally been 0.
Ankur Toshniwal: Could you restart, CEO of Otto? We don't need walk-up music, anyway, it's all good.
Ankur Toshniwal: And Whoa.
Ankur Toshniwal: hey, listen! We got 2 of these left. You guys have been amazing staying through this. Thank you so much. Thank you.
Ankur Toshniwal: Look. Mortgage lenders and realtors spend thousands to acquire a new customer, and yet 4 out of every 5 of those customers that they paid so much to get.
Ankur Toshniwal: We'll leave them on the next transaction when that acquisition cost would have finally been 0.
Ankur Toshniwal: My name's Andrew Penner. I'm the CEO of Otto, and I dealt with this problem firsthand as the Cmo. Of one of the fastest growing mortgage lenders in the country.
Ankur Toshniwal: We had a 4.9 3 star rating from tens of thousands of customers, and yet even we only retained less than half of them
Ankur Toshniwal: think about that. 4.9 3 stars, and still less than half came back for their next transaction.
Ankur Toshniwal: And it's no surprise, right who remembers their loan officer. What are they going to say to you? Between transactions? They just end up sending you spam, and they have no idea if you're back in the market unless you tell them.
Ankur Toshniwal: Well, auto fixes that
Ankur Toshniwal: Otto sends every client in a lender and realtor's database an update on their home's value every single month that gets opened at an 80% rate.
Ankur Toshniwal: That report takes people into our marketplace where we can generate additional revenue and get behavioral insights that we send back to that lender or realtor
Ankur Toshniwal: to help them understand the exact moment that they should reach out to maximize their chance of closing that deal
Ankur Toshniwal: with Otto professionals can create better relationships, stop wasting time on blind follow-up, and flip the script to retain 4 in every 5 clients.
Ankur Toshniwal: because nobody likes leaving money on the table.
Ankur Toshniwal: But don't just take it from me. Let's see what some of our customers are saying.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool.
Meg Hall: Was that I thought that the intro is only supposed to be 1 min long. That seemed like it was longer right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Hold on 1 min!
Meg Hall: Okay.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Like like I wouldn't obsess over a link, Meg, like 1 min is more than enough time to get this done.
Meg Hall: Okay, he started off with like a lot of stats versus other people do more storytelling, and.
Meg Hall: like the stats, come out more naturally in the conversational part rather than him, starting it off with it like at the hook. At the beginning.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They do, they do.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's usually like the. The. The general effectiveness of the opening pitch is to hook people in to entice you to listen for the next 5 min. So say whatever you need to say, so that people go. Okay. You have my full, undivided attention for the next 5, because you prove to me that you're worth listening to in the 1st 60 seconds.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's my advice. Typically.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, I think we could tell he was really, really stressed from the non-verbal
Alex Nativelle: language he had, like he was balancing all time. He. So at some point, tried to put his hand in pocket, and then removed it like, oh, no, I shouldn't do that.
Alex Nativelle: and I think there was a few like gasp for for hair at some points. So you know, he's like I loved the beginning of his speech like he tried to be like really nice about it, but we could really tell he was stressed. I think.
Ankur Toshniwal: I.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All right.
Ankur Toshniwal: I also did not realize that I I was like super interested. So Alex, what what part do you think that distracted like? What part do you think you missed because you noticed that
Ankur Toshniwal: cause? I didn't? I didn't notice these things, so I'm curious.
Alex Nativelle: Okay, yeah, yeah. For me. It was very. I think the balancing thing was like I was watching him go left and right all the time.
Alex Nativelle: and just maybe because I pay more attention to this. But I was seeing his hand reach for his pocket and then out, and I think that was that was funny, because very relatable. But, as Meg said, because of the stats I kind of like didn't follow his story along. And so
Alex Nativelle: I it kind of lost me around like both those things together. Kind of lost me around the pitch.
Ankur Toshniwal: Agreed. I think the the stats I definitely agree. I was very hard to follow in the beginning, but after that, although it's very used to follow.
Ankur Toshniwal: I thought it was actually pretty interesting. But yeah, stats were a little tough.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. But in terms of I know that the like audio recording picked up like more weirdness vocally, than what I think was actually
Chloe Lannert: happening on the day like, I don't remember hearing those awkward breaths, and I still have not noticed the the missed pocket moment.
Alex Nativelle: I don't wanna be too harsh. I just.
Chloe Lannert: I mean, you're you're the public speech person. You better have the best damn pitch I've ever seen, so I can use you as the example for future classes setting the standard for yourself.
Chloe Lannert: but he he put a lot of effort into like making it organic, giving energy to the audience to like, bring people back in. He was pitch number 11 out of 12, I think. And he was like, Okay, I'm acknowledging my place. We're gonna like, bring the vibes back up before this happy hour.
Chloe Lannert: And like was pretty dynamic with his movements. I
Chloe Lannert: personal taste I didn't notice, like the sway leaning back and forth, is something distracting. I almost felt that he was like using his space. He had some hand motions going on. At least that's how I saw it. He was like using the space available to him. But
Chloe Lannert: yeah, he tried to keep it pretty like conversational and not overly overly pitchy.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I think the most important thing, though, to recognize is that he's driving. His business is going well, and a great pitch super high quality pitch is a great signal.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but it's not the end. I'll be all, and it's not gonna save your company, and it's not gonna kill your company. So that's the whole point. It's like this, too, shall pass. This day goes by, and then life goes on. You can use this to open up conversations, and have investors and stakeholders and whatever. But I really want to de-emphasize like the impact of demo day, because it is at all like at the end of the day it could help you. It won't hurt you.
Chloe Lannert: Cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. So let's do the last activity here. We've got 3 questions that we want to ask you, and we'll do one after the other. Unless, Chloe, you want to say something else.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright activity. Number one. I want you all to write down right now what questions you're excited to answer on stage.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Just take a minute.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If you're not the presenter, write down questions. You're excited to see your CEO answer on stage.
Chloe Lannert: Some like jeopardy, music.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, who's we could share? I'm just curious for a few. I want to have you all speak up, but anybody have one they want to share. Encore. I'm curious.
Ankur Toshniwal: How are you different from perplexity in Chat Gpt.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Obvious right day. Giveaways. That's that's 1 of the ones you get the most, I'm sure, right.
Ankur Toshniwal: And I, I feel like, we've gotten it a lot. And.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Ready to.
Ankur Toshniwal: I feel like we have. We have a good answer for it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, yeah, good. I like that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Who else?
Alex Nativelle: For us, I think. What are what are feedbacks from students and clients.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What are feedback from students and clients? Can you help me understand what you mean?
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, like.
Alex Nativelle: so this is your product. What do people think about it? Right? You've done your pitch. Do you have actual thing from the people who use it, who buy it and use it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay? So I think that could use some refinement. But we'll we'll get into it right? Because I think there's a version of that question. It's probably really powerful and punchy.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But I'm not sure like I'm when I'm imagining a conversation. Let's just, for example, say an investor is a stakeholder.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Is that the question? Is that the way they would ask you that question? Is that the way you've been asked in the past, or is it worded differently?
Alex Nativelle: it's it's pretty much forwarded like this, like, what do people think, maybe, or like, what have been the comments from people using it?
Alex Nativelle: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Hmm, okay, yeah, I definitely wanna dig in on that more because, like, I guess in by contrast, like on 1st question, that sounds like the kind of thing that I've heard lots of people say
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to end
Neal Sáles-Griffin: about harvest right? Whereas I think the one you're sharing is kind of like I'm noodling a little bit about what sounds right and what feels right? Because I think if you got a fun stage and someone goes, hey? So, Alex, what feedback have you gotten from your customers about Brio.
Alex Nativelle: We are okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Like, yeah, you know what I mean.
Alex Nativelle: More of a client question, but, like all the clients, ask me that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And if your goal is to resonate with clients that might be good to answer, but maybe worded in a way that actually activates their perspective more right.
Alex Nativelle: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And.
Andrew Fernandes: Oh, yeah, what's your go to market? Strategy, I think, gives an opportunity to demonstrate our deep knowledge. Having spoken to a lot of people, our specific inroads. Why, we're going in those routes. We are, I think that applies for everyone.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I'm gonna challenge you a bit on that. What's your go to market? Strategy is one of the most like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: hand wavy questions you can ask right easy, easy. That's what you know, you heard purposely deal with. What's a more nuanced version of that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right? Because usually an investor is trying to demonstrate their prowess with how nuanced they can be with their question. So they're not just gonna say, What's your go to market?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They're gonna contextualize their perception of the issues. You go to market about your business and then ask you to explain what it is right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: just a quick reaction there, but make sure that you don't just take the simple, high, level version of the question, and like shove it at it. But instead add a lot of color and context and conversation to it, because.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: usually depending on who you want to resonate within the audience offering up more of their thought process alongside. The question itself is, gonna activate their curiosity and engage them further.
Chloe Lannert: And you can also use the language of the question to set you up like we were thinking about. So an alternative for you could be the ear saying, So are you doing like a consumer, Chatbot, like style, consumer, model, or like, how are you getting this into people's hands? And you can
Chloe Lannert: use that as a setup to talk about how the fact that you
Chloe Lannert: tried the consumer model it didn't super work. And now you found this new niche that you're using based on your background, like you can frame out the narrative through the question. That's probably not the best way to do it, but just as different ways. You can frame that out to get the information that you want across and make it feel more conversational. Instead of just someone quizzing you on the boxes on your lean canvas.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Anthony.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah. I thought of 2 questions. I think the 1st one we get asked especially if I'm like customers is like, How how does this work?
Anthony De Silva: So I think that's a question we can probably.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: How does this work?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What do you mean? How does this work.
Anthony De Silva: You guys are say, telling us that you can save like 2 weeks and save money like, how.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There we go. So so I love that refinement just now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: when you contextualize it like that, Anthony, it's conversational. It's personal. I can imagine myself asking that question.
Anthony De Silva: Still there. Am I still here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I'm here.
Chloe Lannert: Nope, Ellie getting booted off today.
Anthony De Silva: Hello!
Anthony De Silva: Am I back?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: That whole. This is what we can save you. Now let me show you how it works is a really great transition from pitch to video.
Chloe Lannert: So you can use video for your how in in thinking about the whole set.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah. And the and the second question, I was thinking, was like credibility. Like.
Anthony De Silva: again, it's like connected to how maybe, like, what kind of partnerships or
Anthony De Silva: credibility like, do you guys have to like execute this.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, yeah, credibility is is
Chloe Lannert: solid. People like can put a logo on their video or whatever. But they typically wanna
Chloe Lannert: expand on it a little bit.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No.
vivian: For me, I I don't actually get the question about the market size as often. But whenever it's in serious investor, that's what comes out. So that's why I anticipate. Also, I get a lot of like, what is the the dealership feedback. But then, also, like what is the future of the auto industry, or there's still going to be dealerships.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it. And then what's the pushback from the serious investors about the market size?
vivian: I think it's too small competitive.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. So so I guess the only feedback I have there is like, make sure you flesh that out more right like, lay out the question in a way that colors the concern.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Don't just ask the question. Let's feed the Eir. The context of framing the question, yeah, alright.
Meg Hall: So the questions I wanna them to ask potentially are, wow, there's a lot of competition in this space. What's your unique selling proposition.
Meg Hall: That's the number one. And then where do you see this going? I want to talk about the the grand vision for the company, and then I want to touch on like revenue, and how we're billing, and how like we can have a land and expand model for customers.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it. Those are. Those are solid.
Meg Hall: One of the things that I was thinking about is like, you know, I went to this event that was for female founders. And there's this carta study that's about like the type of questions women get asked from investors versus the type of questions that men get asked and men get asked a lot more like, you know, how big is the market? Where are you going to go like, what's the rocket ship? Those kind of questions versus women. 66% of the questions
Meg Hall: opposed to women are prevention oriented. So it's more about like risk. Right? And I know a lot of the questions I get are about like de-risking it. And so, on one hand, I want the opportunity to like showcase, the big dream and the big vision. But, on the other hand, if literally the entire audience is worried about risk, I want to address those things as well. So
Meg Hall: I don't know. That's something that's kind of floating in my mind is like, if we get to choose the questions I want to make sure. I at least get to show the big vision, you know, and get the opportunity.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I mean, you get to choose all the questions, of course, but just to be clear.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think it's important not to entertain the entire audience. And instead focus on the specific people you want to make a connection with. Right? I want you to be greedy. I want you to be really, really selfish and go. Here's who I want to talk to in the room. And I'm talking to you for this pitch.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right? That's that's where we start. If there's a room to expand and make it accessible to everyone else, that's great. The number one priority for all of you, for your pitch, is to connect with the people that matter to you and to develop the artifact that's going to help you send it to the right people afterwards as well, so hopefully, that makes sense. Tonight.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Someone else unmuted. Real quick. Andrew, yeah.
Andrew Fernandes: I don't have an answer to this, but
Andrew Fernandes: my thought would be, it could be, you know, could be an opportunity to control the narrative, and just say, this is how big it can be, and to hell with talking about risk.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, if they're gonna.
Andrew Fernandes: Just my personal.
Chloe Lannert: Anyways.
Ankur Toshniwal: Thank you for sharing.
Ankur Toshniwal: sharing, sharing that stat, though, Meg. I didn't know that I appreciate it. It's good to know.
Chloe Lannert: It's huge. We
Chloe Lannert: flag it in our screening committee sort of intro stuff. I put a little link out
Chloe Lannert: when we're inviting our people in alright. Next up.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What's the question that you don't know how to answer right now?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But you think is important for you to answer at some point, and for us to maybe help you with figuring out a way to answer it. But think about this, and write it down.
Alex Nativelle: I was thinking about it when you like a more aggressive questions that I still don't know how to answer.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Think about it like I want you to take a minute right now, Alex, before you answer this like right now
Neal Sáles-Griffin: take a second. Think about this, and write them down
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alright. Who cares to share.
Ankur Toshniwal: Happy to I I've I think I kind of have 2, but
Ankur Toshniwal: one of the ones is like
Ankur Toshniwal: this would be follow up of the 1st one, which is like, Why are you different? Right? What is the thing? And our answer is generally we understand the team's workflow
Ankur Toshniwal: and we understand fundamentally who are the stakeholders, and who needs to know about actually doing this particular work? And then the question that comes after that would be like, how many teams face this workflow like, how big is this particular workflow that you care about? and you know what makes it repeatable is, is kind of the question of what makes this workflow repeatable, and how many orgs face it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And you're unsure of how to answer that.
Ankur Toshniwal: We we're
Ankur Toshniwal: we. We're sure we're sure about how? Yeah, we we know how to answer it. Within specific verticals. But we don't know like a dollar figure signed yet, I guess, is is the hard part is like we don't know how to like fully. We don't know what the full ticket size of that entire market is, and that's what makes it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it. So so the nuance question is like, Yeah, but what's the full ticket size? Right? So an investor is digging in in the conversation.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, yeah, that's.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: About this right?
Ankur Toshniwal: Right? Yeah, good. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Good, good, good, I like that.
Alex Nativelle: I have one that have been
Alex Nativelle: asked lately by some people is, I don't. I'm not sure how to answer this exactly. This is like.
Alex Nativelle: why don't you cut the team in half like? What do you need for co-founders and not, you know the regular amount is like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, why, you have such a big team. Yeah, what's what's necessary about that? That's fair.
Alex Nativelle: To answer that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You're good.
vivian: I think for me questions unsure is what defensibility and moat.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, so help. Let's dig in a little bit. Right? Because I I you know. Obviously, I have that question for all of you always so what's that version for you, Vivian, that you're unsure how to answer.
vivian: It's not that it
vivian: like of what a good answer is, and I think I forgot which session it was recently. But someone one of the speakers had talked about like, there's like 4 different ways to answer defensibility. And that actually was really helpful. It was about like your data pipelines, your your your knowledge and your your expertise in your networks. And
vivian: I think it comes down to that. But coming up with how to answer that succinctly.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I mean, and part of it is also like your actual answer, your strategy, right? Because you have to decide which of those you're being intentional about you know, building a business around, too. That makes sense. Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool that smile.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Oh, yes, so it's for us is a bit like product specific, like as soon as we say, like 3D printing technologies or entry point, there would be always questions like around this topic like, Can you are, your product is scalable to other manufacturing sectors. Of course it's not difficult to answer, but there has to be some thought behind the the question, like how we can show that our product is really scalable, not to very specific sector.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it. So we just need to chisel how how you're gonna frame that good.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: True.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think we're ready for the final question. Does anybody want to guess? Oh, never mind, too late! But we gave it away. Sorry. Go ahead, go ahead. It's fine.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Which ones are you afraid to get at
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like? What's what's the question you're like? I really hope that they don't ask that, or I don't have to answer that on stage it. It makes me almost uncomfortable to think about having to answer this question.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and I want you to think about it. You don't have to say right. Now. Take a minute.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Think about it. Look within yourself. Go deep.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: all right. Let's hear this smile.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: So for us is really like about like the academic background that we have here. So it seems it doesn't help. It hasn't helped us so far like having Phd. In the field like being a professor, but then, so usually they want to ensure like, we can manage the business somehow. So that would be like the question we get often and like,
Esmaeil Sadeghi: kind of like, well, of course, we should leverage this
Esmaeil Sadeghi: background that we have somehow, you know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it. So so the so the version of this I'm thinking of for us. Mile is usually like what I hear on the investor side is like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, like great technology, like solid, like experience from the team on the tech itself. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't quite see a CEO here, right? I don't know who's gonna run this company who's gonna actually turn into a billion dollar business. I'm not seeing it, you know, in in the in the founder right now. Right? So there's a version of that where you're personally being called out about your leadership and potential to actually run the company itself right.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I get it, I get it, and I'll work with you on that, because 100 that could be a total concern by an investor.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Thank you for being vulnerable. That's not.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Of course.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Anyone else.
Ankur Toshniwal: Sure.
Ankur Toshniwal: but I I think this probably the hardest one is. You have one AI engineer and a Cro. How do you compete with the 1 billion dollar companies and large AI teams.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, the deck is stacked against you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: David versus Goliath. How do we respond to that?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Good Meg or Alex? Sorry.
Alex Nativelle: I'm not sure if this is like a right question, or just me having too much Linkedin, but like
Alex Nativelle: one of the questions, I might be afraid to answer would be like, it's been 2 years since you started working on this like, why haven't you moved faster? And what's stopping you from having way more
Alex Nativelle: like revenue and stuff like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Excellent question. Excellent question! That's the kind of stuff that rules you out from a conversation. If you don't address it properly right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's the kind of thing you can get written off about. If someone reads a tear sheet or a 1 pager about you before deciding to take the meeting, and they're like, Hmm. Doesn't feel right. They've been around too long, they have no real traction. What's the deal there?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right? So you, addressing that properly from the onset. Once they figure out how long you've been alive is a very helpful thing to remove a concern.
Alex Nativelle: I don't know how to answer that. But yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Like. By the way, the purpose of right now isn't to answer all these questions.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, get you all thinking about these things?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right? So this is good, Meg.
Meg Hall: Okay? So over half of your proof of concept, customers have not converted or not working with you. Now that seems bad. How are you thinking about that?
Meg Hall: So please don't ask me that on stage.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Or we'll come up with a dope. Answer to it right.
Meg Hall: Okay, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And then team dynamics. So you guys all know that my CTO quit on last Thursday. Well, now, he's staying, and he's also self funding going to San Francisco, so he will be in the room. So probably don't want to ask about team dynamics up on stage.
Anthony De Silva: Wait. He's back.
Meg Hall: He's back.
Anthony De Silva: Nice.
Meg Hall: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's lots of you guys to help each other out on. So hopefully, you have your own. I think you have a thread right where you guys can confirm.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They all know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, look out for Meg here, like I think she needs as much level support as possible from all of us, because that ain't easily go through.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, we definitely have a thread. We definitely have a thread.
Andrew Fernandes: Before we meet him.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All right. Chris.
Chris Wong: Yeah, I think for us it's like 2 things come to mind. One is
Chris Wong: Why is traction taking so long to get to where it is now.
Chris Wong: And what what's
Chris Wong: What is traction like?
Chris Wong: And then the other one for me is,
Chris Wong: how does legal ease differentiate itself from point One and billables to competitors that are already ahead in the race.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I have already thoughts on this, Chris, but we'll we'll let it ride. Okay, but I'm excited to help you answer those questions. I think we come up with some even tougher ones, because I think there's ways for you to knock that out of the park because you're kind of crazy. But I think we just need to lean into the crazy.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I had the tiger.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool, Anthony. I saw. Anthony, did you raise your hand multiple times.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, yeah. I think my question was gonna be like, similar to what Alex said, like growth and like revenue in the past months.
Anthony De Silva: How's that tracking?
Anthony De Silva: It's not not a question I want to get asked.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, I mean, there's versions of that, too, that we can talk about right as sound tech stars trying to figure things out. They had me slow down in order to speed up like those are. Those are actually not too bad. I would give that a like a medium negative, as far as difficulty.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's gotta be. There's probably some tougher ones, too. But anyway, it doesn't matter. We're we're good. Thank you for humoring that exercise guys. You've got 23 min left
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the rest of this time. Chloe has figured out breakout rooms.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So you're gonna take those questions that you just wrote down. We paired up the companies.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and in those breakout rooms you're gonna ask each other those questions
Neal Sáles-Griffin: just to get it. Get get a rep in, get a feeling for what it's like to talk out. You know to each other how you're thinking about your actual answers to those questions. So one person is the Eir.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You give them the questions they ask them. And then you role play switch.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay.
Chloe Lannert: Phones.
Chloe Lannert: Before we get into the breakout rooms. I just want to remind everyone on some timeline stuff start thinking about the pitches. If you're lost on where to start, go back to our last demo day intro session and start with like the sort of blank slides. What are the 3 things. I want this pitch to communicate
Chloe Lannert: and start thinking about how those points fit in across the pitch video. And QA. We're gonna go over your storyboards next week. I'm gonna drop more details about what you need to bring to that call in the weekly what to expect. Yeah. Ankle. Your zoom is insane. I don't know what's happening.
Chloe Lannert: But just thinking about those 3 points, and then over the next week or so, if you want to start posting like example, pitch scripts start posting videos of you practicing a pitch.
Chloe Lannert: Please do that. I'll make a chain for everyone to drop those in, start massaging it together, and then we'll have more formal practices
Chloe Lannert: later down the line.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We include for awkward rejoining. You can just have Andrew start it, and then, like awkward can join Andrew's room. If whoever he's paired up with.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, I also, it's
Chloe Lannert: harvest and brio. I put you guys together because you're physically in the office. So you guys can just log off and chat together for the next 20.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Perfect. Perfect. That's smart.
Chloe Lannert: And then we've got.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool. Well, just let me say a final thing, because I know this is going to be the end of the session, but we want you all to like. Move forward to take the 20 min if you want to go longer, do that, too. But just know that this is something that you know we've done over many years, and I'd love to work with each and every one of you to get as thoughtful, nuanced, and as aggressive as possible.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I would love for this class to be the strongest like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: degree of questioning at Demo Day that we've ever seen, and I know I I think it's totally doable, too.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Because I feel more confident about this model and format now, because we've done it so many times, and I know what good looks like, and I feel really good about all of your businesses. So allow me the opportunity to help you guys trickle, presenting yourselves in the best possible life.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool, alright! See you tomorrow, you ready for Bob.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is not a drill.
Chloe Lannert: Alright. Let me make sure.
Chloe Lannert: Trina.
Chloe Lannert: Anthony, you got your assignment.